# Overall Readme File for the Persona Project
The person project seeks to find out whether and under what conditions, a persona can outperform the LLM it is derived from. 
The Python program in the repository "person_project" provides tools or modules used to achieve this goal. Allocated to a subfolder, 
each of the modules addresses a particular aspect, e.g., generating interviews or focus groups, while otherwise maintaining a structure similar to the other modules. 
For instance, each module can be configured, it started via a bash script and has a module specific readme file. 

Each module is run in a similar way. The example below illustrates how this is done for the module persona2interviews:  

Go to the root folder of the module like so ...  
cd /Users/dietmar/Dropbox/PycharmProjects/persona_project/persona2interviews  

and run the script which is here run with the pipe tee commmand to capture the terminal output in a file.  
./code/run_persona2interviews.sh | tee terminal-output.txt  


## persona2interviews
This is the central module that sets the stage by turning person description into interviews. The system can be 
configure such that it runs either 1:1 Interviews or 1:1 interviews. At the moment, only persona2interviews is available via GitHub. 


## interviews2statistics
This module builds up on the transcripts from interviews or focus groups generated by persona2interviews and distills a range of statistical scores 
from them. They include technological scores, education scores and ethical scores. 


### interviews2token_distribution
Running multiple interviews with a persona and recording the distribution of words or tokens serves as an empirical proxy for the model's output distribution under specific conditions (i.e., the persona). The module interviews2token_distribution computes this proxy. Data on the pesona specific token-distribution facilitates token-level analyses, e.g., via Kullback–Leibler (KL) or Jensen-Shannon (JS) divergence that completents a simple output level analyses that only looks at persona answers. 

./code/run_interviews2token_distribution.sh | tee terminal-output.txt
